[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this video
we're gonna take a look at John
Carpenter's The Thing
let's get to it the movie opens in
Antarctica in 1982 we join up with a
helicopter chasing a dog across the
tundra he stops momentarily to see if
he's earned a treat but gets shot at
instead so he continues on his way we
see they're heading toward a nearby
station the occupants of which are
commenced in a variety of casual
activities roused by the sounds and
excitement the chaps run out to observe
however things pop off quickly with
grenades and incidental shootings
basically bored partially drunk guy
stuff which is all fun and games until
someone gets shot through the eye with
both Norwegians now gone they're left
with a confusing mess and a new dog
inside we find that they've been unable
to raise anyone the radio for a while in
order to get a better idea of what's
going on McCready and Doc fly to the
Norwegian outpost back at the station
things are mostly back to normal but
better since they're plus one buzzing
new friend here he is seeking out
comfort from one of his Co evolutionary
partners meanwhile the whirlybird lands
and they find the burnt-out husk of the
Norwegian outpost with evidence of
little more than unspeakable horrors a
suicide frozen in time black-and-white
videotapes and ice tub this thing on a
man yeah you're the doctor they get back
and unload their booty and everyone
agrees that it's pretty bitchin Blair
begins an autopsy confirming a normal
set of internal organs in opposition to
the exterior once again things begin to
get back to normal that evening but with
some added tension bending US gets goose
by the dog and employs Clark to put it
with the others he does and being a good
boy the dog immediately engages a normal
dog like behavior when he fails to hit
it off with his new kennel mates he
makes him a flower oh and then squirts
them with goo Clark checks on the
commotion and manages to get the door
locked McCready hits the alarm they all
gather at the pen and observe while
child's retrieves the flamethrower which
is good because the guns do nothing but
luckily the cleansing heat of the flames
make this abomination of nature all
better
the next morning starts with Blair
making a wish and then he gets elbows
deep into another autopsy he surmises
that the organism appears to absorb and
replicate other creatures given this
he's disturbed to find that the dog had
free rein of the facility the prior day
meanwhile the video reveals the
Norwegians had been tooling around at a
location northeast of their camp with
thermite explosives
and others go immediately and find a
long buried ship when they get back they
bring everyone up to speed and then
start working on a possible solution to
their problem they start by moving the
specimen to the storage room Windows
gets the keys to lock up and walks in on
the alien getting intimate with
benning's they surround him and enjoy
his sweet serenade and then burn him
down to nothing along with the other
contaminated materials after
marshmallows McCree sees Blair's scamper
off the little scoundrels been having a
blast vandalizing the roto copter he
follows him in to find out he's been
going absolutely nuts on the radio
equipment they converge on him after he
empties his gun and old Wilfred still
gives them the business but they do
ultimately subdue him afterward they
lock him up in the toolshed they
discussed the possibility of doing a
comparative blood test but come to find
that the blood has been spilt this leads
to a rousing game of mafia and as always
happens one person gets emotionally
destroyed in this case it's Windows who
runs off to get a gun which is an
irrational response to most slumber
party games they began to consider a new
test when it's noted that Fuchs has been
absent for an unknown amount of time
they split up to find him but only find
his burned remains the gradient nulls go
to check his cabin since the lights are
now on at first only nulls comes back
and he implicates McCready as a thing
before they each get a chance to express
how this makes them feel McCready breaks
into the supply room where he acquires
some dynamite for safety purposes again
the confusion is interrupted when Norris
has a heart attack the doc gets to work
while McCready does his best to keep
everyone close but not close enough for
them to grab him and tries to monitor
the situation when doc loses his
forearms inside nurses tell me like an
absolute mad lad from that point
everything is just yelling heat and
flaming viscera and it ends with a head
spider trying to nonchalantly skitter
out of the room McCready is now ready to
unveil his new plan which involves
binding the crew they still don't trust
him fully but when Clark makes a move it
demonstrates why they have no choice
their recent experience gave McCready
the notion that blood from a thing will
react to a threat so they don't need a
comparison sample they all become blood
brothers and then McCready starts
testing the samples they work their way
down the line with the crew incredulous
that he's proving anything until they
get to Palmer
yeah that pretty well proves it McCready
fully manages a situation and takes a
pragmatic approach to what remains of
Windows the rest of the group is cleared
except Blair when they go out to visit
they find the door open and Blair
missing there's a cavity in the floor
that leads to an underground workshop
where Blair appears to have spent his
abundant free time assembling a kit
spaceship they see child's run out
before the generator turns off surmising
that the organism wants to go to sleep
in the ice until it gets another chance
they decide to fire it up they
systematically work through the outposts
throwing Molotov cocktails and blasting
off explosives in the generator room and
despite all of their prior experiences
they split up resulting in the
disappearance of Geary and nulls the
Blair thing shows up to give a how do
and McCready explodes him real good he's
then met by child's and the two of them
relaxed in each other's company not
fully trusting the other but mutually
agreed to chill out and see if something
happens and that was the original of the
thing released in 1982 it didn't get
popular until much later which boggles
the mind considering its effective
balance of Crow South special-effects
atmosphere in tension I'd love for you
to become a part of the channel by
subscribing I hope you enjoy the video
and thanks for watching